c:\users\kinglouisthegreat\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\WhatIhaveLearned\WhatIhaveLearned\bin\Debug\WhatIhaveLearned.exe.config
c:\users\kinglouisthegreat\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\WhatIhaveLearned\WhatIhaveLearned\bin\Debug\WhatIhaveLearned.exe
c:\users\kinglouisthegreat\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\WhatIhaveLearned\WhatIhaveLearned\bin\Debug\WhatIhaveLearned.pdb
c:\users\kinglouisthegreat\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\WhatIhaveLearned\WhatIhaveLearned\obj\Debug\WhatIhaveLearned.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kinglouisthegreat\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\WhatIhaveLearned\WhatIhaveLearned\obj\Debug\WhatIhaveLearned.frmCalculations.resources
c:\users\kinglouisthegreat\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\WhatIhaveLearned\WhatIhaveLearned\obj\Debug\WhatIhaveLearned.frmConcatenation.resources
c:\users\kinglouisthegreat\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\WhatIhaveLearned\WhatIhaveLearned\obj\Debug\WhatIhaveLearned.frmMain.resources
c:\users\kinglouisthegreat\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\WhatIhaveLearned\WhatIhaveLearned\obj\Debug\WhatIhaveLearned.frmFunctions.resources
c:\users\kinglouisthegreat\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\WhatIhaveLearned\WhatIhaveLearned\obj\Debug\WhatIhaveLearned.frmLoops.resources
c:\users\kinglouisthegreat\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\WhatIhaveLearned\WhatIhaveLearned\obj\Debug\WhatIhaveLearned.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\kinglouisthegreat\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\WhatIhaveLearned\WhatIhaveLearned\obj\Debug\WhatIhaveLearned.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
c:\users\kinglouisthegreat\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\WhatIhaveLearned\WhatIhaveLearned\obj\Debug\WhatIhaveLearned.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\kinglouisthegreat\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\WhatIhaveLearned\WhatIhaveLearned\obj\Debug\WhatIhaveLearned.exe
c:\users\kinglouisthegreat\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\WhatIhaveLearned\WhatIhaveLearned\obj\Debug\WhatIhaveLearned.pdb
C:\Users\KingLouisTheGreat\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\WhatIhaveLearned\WhatIhaveLearned\bin\Debug\WhatIhaveLearned.exe.config
C:\Users\KingLouisTheGreat\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\WhatIhaveLearned\WhatIhaveLearned\bin\Debug\WhatIhaveLearned.exe
C:\Users\KingLouisTheGreat\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\WhatIhaveLearned\WhatIhaveLearned\bin\Debug\WhatIhaveLearned.pdb
C:\Users\KingLouisTheGreat\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\WhatIhaveLearned\WhatIhaveLearned\obj\Debug\WhatIhaveLearned.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\KingLouisTheGreat\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\WhatIhaveLearned\WhatIhaveLearned\obj\Debug\WhatIhaveLearned.frmCalculations.resources
C:\Users\KingLouisTheGreat\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\WhatIhaveLearned\WhatIhaveLearned\obj\Debug\WhatIhaveLearned.frmConcatenation.resources
C:\Users\KingLouisTheGreat\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\WhatIhaveLearned\WhatIhaveLearned\obj\Debug\WhatIhaveLearned.frmMain.resources
C:\Users\KingLouisTheGreat\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\WhatIhaveLearned\WhatIhaveLearned\obj\Debug\WhatIhaveLearned.frmFunctions.resources
C:\Users\KingLouisTheGreat\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\WhatIhaveLearned\WhatIhaveLearned\obj\Debug\WhatIhaveLearned.frmLoops.resources
C:\Users\KingLouisTheGreat\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\WhatIhaveLearned\WhatIhaveLearned\obj\Debug\WhatIhaveLearned.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\KingLouisTheGreat\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\WhatIhaveLearned\WhatIhaveLearned\obj\Debug\WhatIhaveLearned.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\KingLouisTheGreat\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\WhatIhaveLearned\WhatIhaveLearned\obj\Debug\WhatIhaveLearned.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\KingLouisTheGreat\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\WhatIhaveLearned\WhatIhaveLearned\obj\Debug\WhatIhaveLearned.exe
C:\Users\KingLouisTheGreat\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\WhatIhaveLearned\WhatIhaveLearned\obj\Debug\WhatIhaveLearned.pdb
